README.md, before:

# Introduction
RKNN-Toolkit2 is a software development kit for users to perform model conversion, inference and performance evaluation on PC and Rockchip NPU platforms (RK3566, RK3568, RK3588, RK3588S, RV1103, RV1106).

RKNN-Toolkit-Lite2 provides Python programming interfaces for Rockchip NPU platform  (RK3566, RK3568, RK3588, RK3588S) to help users deploy RKNN models and accelerate the implementation of AI applications.

# Download
- You can also download all packages, docker image, examples, docs and platform-tools from baidu cloud: [RK_NPU_SDK](https://eyun.baidu.com/s/3eTDMk6Y), fetch code: rknn

# Notes
- Currently rknn-toolkit2 is not compatible with [rknn-toolkit](https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit)
- Currently only support on Ubuntu 18.04 python 3.6 / Ubuntu 20.04 python 3.8
- If you have problem about RKNN-Toolkit2, it is recommended to create a issue or get answers from [Issues](https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit2/issues).
- Latest version:1.3.0(Release version)

# Checksums
## MD5
```
69ffac3f944cf682acf563245e532405  packages/rknn_toolkit2-1.3.0_11912b58-cp36-cp36m-linux_x86_64.whl

f37e2296e631587b929a75028dd235bf  packages/rknn_toolkit2-1.3.0_11912b58-cp38-cp38-linux_x86_64.whl

f269a9cf3fa209b2615efdd0711f3f18  docker/rknn-toolkit2-1.3.0-cp36-docker.tar.gz

db40be96541a121b4c77109d829089b6  docker/rknn-toolkit2-1.3.0-cp38-docker.tar.gz

4dff57052f94a9c080774ab0e6af1d56  rknn_toolkit_lite2/packages/rknn_toolkit_lite2-1.3.0-cp37-cp37m-linux_aarch64.whl

1085cd7ee4bb18ef17b03d66e5428d69  rknn_toolkit_lite2/packages/rknn_toolkit_lite2-1.3.0-cp39-cp39-linux_aarch64.whl
```
# Feedback and Community Suport
Two ways are followed:
- [Issues](https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit2/issues) (**Feedback recommended**)
- QQ Group Chat: 1025468710 **welcome for developer**
<p align="center"><img width="200" height="200"  src="https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit2/blob/master/QQGroupQRCode.png"/></p>
<p align="center">QQ Group Chat</p>

Commit message:

update rknn-toolkit2 to 1.4.0
Change-Id: I15a86008f7c45f0e46ef6c76b5ad84175e1ed053

README.md, after:

# Introduction
RKNN-Toolkit2 is a software development kit for users to perform model conversion, inference and performance evaluation on PC and Rockchip NPU platforms (RK3566, RK3568, RK3588, RK3588S, RV1103, RV1106).

RKNN-Toolkit-Lite2 provides Python programming interfaces for Rockchip NPU platform  (RK3566, RK3568, RK3588, RK3588S) to help users deploy RKNN models and accelerate the implementation of AI applications.

Note:

- For the deployment of the RKNN model, please refer to:

    https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknpu2

- For RK1808/RV1109/RV1126/RK3399Pro, please use:

    https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit

    https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknpu

    https://github.com/airockchip/RK3399Pro_npu

# Download
- You can also download all packages, docker image, examples, docs and platform-tools from baidu cloud: [RK_NPU_SDK](https://eyun.baidu.com/s/3eTDMk6Y), fetch code: rknn

# Notes
- Currently rknn-toolkit2 is not compatible with [rknn-toolkit](https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit)
- Currently only support on Ubuntu 18.04 python 3.6 / Ubuntu 20.04 python 3.8
- Latest version:1.4.0(Release version)

# Feedback and Community Suport
Two ways are followed:
- [Issues](https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit2/issues) 
- QQ Group Chat: 1025468710 **welcome for developer**
<p align="center"><img width="200" height="200"  src="https://github.com/rockchip-linux/rknn-toolkit2/blob/master/QQGroupQRCode.png"/></p>
<p align="center">QQ Group Chat</p>
